[DOC-3661][DOC-3663] Add a concept for CMEK (#13963)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/encryption.md

To disable encryption, specify `key=plain`. The data keys will be stored in plaintext and new data will not be encrypted.

To rotate keys, specify `key=/path/to/my/new-aes-128.key` and `old-key=/path/to/my/old-aes-128.key`. The data keys will be decrypted using the old key and then encrypted using the new key. A new data key will also be generated.

## Configuring Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK)

> Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK) give you more control over how your cluster's data is protected on your cluster's filesystem. When CMEK is enabled, your store key is protected by an additional cryptographic key that is entirely within your control, called the CMEK key. To learn more, see [Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK)](../cockroachcloud/cmek.html) and [Encryption in CockroachDB](security-reference/encryption.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK) give you more control over how your CockroachDB Dedicated cluster's data is protected on your cluster's disks. When CMEK is enabled, your store key is protected by your cloud-native KMS key that is entirely within your control, called the CMEK key. To learn more, see [Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK)](../cockroachcloud/cmek.html) and [Encryption in CockroachDB](security-reference/encryption.html).
```
